[Docs] Add user level documentation for Expressions (#11990)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: docs/pages/Kratos/Expressions/Utilities/EntityMax.md

---
title: EntityMax
keywords: 
tags: [entity max, max, expression]
sidebar: kratos_expressions
summary: 
---

## Introduction

> This get the maximum value from each component in each entity. Assume the input expression is given by $$\underline{\mathbb{u}} = \left\lbrace u_{ij},  \forall (i,j)\in\left[0, M\right)\times\left[0, N\right)\right\rbrace$$ where $$i^{th}$$ entity's $$j^{th}$$ component is represented by $$u_{ij}$$ with $$i\in \left[0, M\right)$$ for each entity and $$j\in \left[0, N\right)$$ for each component in each entity. Following equation illustrates the formulation of the resulting expression which is always a scalar expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EntityMax` finds the largest component of each entity. Assume the input expression is given by $$\underline{\mathbf{u}} = \left\lbrace u_{ij},  \forall (i,j)\in\left[0, M\right)\times\left[0, N\right)\right\rbrace$$ where $$i^{th}$$ entity's $$j^{th}$$ component is represented by $$u_{ij}$$. The result is always a scalar expression.
```

Author: done :)

> <p align="center">$$ EntityMax\left(\underline{\mathbb{u}}\right) = \left\lbrace v_i, \text{where} \quad v_i = \max_{j\in\left[0, N\right)} {u_{ij}} \quad  \forall i\in\left[0, M\right)\right\rbrace$$</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center">$$ EntityMax\left(\underline{\mathbf{u}}\right) = \left\lbrace v_i | \quad v_i = \max_{j\in\left[0, N\right)} {u_{ij}} \quad  \forall i\in\left[0, M\right)\right\rbrace$$</p>
```

Author: done :)

## Use cases

> Following code snippet illustrates how to use ```EntityMax```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: done :)
